README.md, before:

#  Netflix-gpt

- create-react-app
- configure tailwind
- Header
- routing
- Login Form
- sign up form
- form validation
        - useRef hook
- fire base set up
- created redux store
- unsubscribe to onAuthStateChanged call back
- add constants to our APP
- 





# fire base auth
    - google sign in // need to add email password

# redux state managment 
     set up this 

# NOTE
- for validations use FORMIK library

# features
- Login /signup
    - signin / signup
    - redirect to brows page
-  browser (after authentocation)
    - Header
    - main movie
        - trailer in bg
        - title description
        - movie suggestion
         - movie list ~ n

- Netflix gpt 
    - search Bar
    - movie suggestion



# NOTES:
 - congigure route (npm i -D react-router-dom)
 - appRouter = createBrowserRouter
 -  return inside div RouterProvider router ={appRouter}



# bug fix
    - when user is not loged in and if he is trying to navigate from URL(/browse) that one we blocked
        and if he loged in and trying to go to login page via url (/login) then redirect to /browse page

# completed 
  - completed fire base with authentoctication
  -  use tmdb API to fetch movie APIs

Commit message:

created secondary container, fetched URL from fanart and saved to firebase and from there we are fetching  poto URL

README.md, after:

#  Netflix-gpt

- create-react-app
- configure tailwind
- Header
- routing
- Login Form
- sign up form
- form validation
        - useRef hook
- fire base set up
- created redux store
- unsubscribe to onAuthStateChanged call back
- add constants to our APP
-  fetched URL from fanart and saved to firebase and from there we are fetching  poto URL 






# fire base auth
    - google sign in // need to add email password

# redux state managment 
     set up this 

# NOTE
- for validations use FORMIK library

# features
- Login /signup
    - signin / signup
    - redirect to brows page
-  browser (after authentocation)
    - Header
    - main movie
        - trailer in bg
        - title description
        - movie suggestion
         - movie list ~ n

- Netflix gpt 
    - search Bar
    - movie suggestion



# NOTES:
 - configure route (npm i -D react-router-dom)
 - appRouter = createBrowserRouter
 -  return inside div RouterProvider router ={appRouter}



# bug fix
    - when user is not loged in and if he is trying to navigate from URL(/browse) that one we blocked
        and if he loged in and trying to go to login page via url (/login) then redirect to /browse page

# completed 
  - completed fire base with authentoctication
  -  use trakt API API to fetch movie APIs
